Update web samples to use ASP.NET 6 minimal host (#5840)
Particular/docs.particular.net: samples/web/asp-web-application/sample.md

---
title: Using NServiceBus in an ASP.NET Core Web Application
component: Core
reviewed: 2022-09-07
redirects:
- nservicebus/using-nservicebus-in-a-asp.net-web-application
related:
- nservicebus/hosting
- nservicebus/hosting/publishing-from-web-applications
---

This sample shows how to send messages from an ASP.NET Core web application to an NServiceBus endpoint.

## Run the sample

When running the solution a new browser window/tab opens, as well as a console application.

Enter the number "1" into the text box in the browser and click "Go". Notice the result "None" appears, as shown:

![AsyncPages sample running](async-pages-running.png "AsyncPages sample running")

Changing the number in the text box from even to odd numbers changes the result in the Server console.

> The web page renders synchronously; from the user's perspective, the interaction is synchronous and blocking, even though behind the scenes NServiceBus is doing asynchronous send-reply pattern using the [callbacks package](/nservicebus/messaging/callbacks.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The web page renders synchronously; from the user's perspective, the interaction is synchronous and blocking, even though behind the scenes NServiceBus is implementing an asynchronous send-reply pattern using the [callbacks package](/nservicebus/messaging/callbacks.md).
```
